This distribution contains the necessary Linux libraries, setup utilities, and some sample applications for the Polhemus G4 Tracking system.  Included are the following:

1.  This README file that describes the contents and some preliminary instructions.
2.  g4devcfg.tar.gz -- This tarball contains the G4DevCfg utility that allows a user to pair a hub to a specific dongle.
3.  g4track_lib_dist-x.x.x.tar.gz -- This tarball contains the libraries necessary to run the G4 tracker on a Linux machine.  Both shared and static versions are contained.  These libraries are not open source.  Also included in this installation are the G4 Man files.
4.  createcfgfile-x.x.x.tar.gz -- This tarball contains the source and build instructions for CreateSrcCfg, a utility to create G4 Source Configuration files.  This is open source.
5.  g4term-x.x.x.tar.gz -- This tarball contains the source and build instructions for g4term, a terminal utility that prints tracker data from the G4.  It also provides some basic options like bore-sighting, filtering, source rotations, etc.  This is a handy utility to learn about the G4 features.  This is open source so it also provides some examples of how to interface with the G4 through code.
6.  g4display-x.x.x.tar.gz -- This tarball contains the source and build instructions for g4display, a graphical utility that displays G4 data as a triad for each sensor.   This is open source so it also provides some examples of how to interface with the G4 through code.  This code utilizes the gtkglext library which is why it is built with GTK+2.0 rather than GTK+-3.0.



Instructions

1.  Copy all tar files to the installation directory.
2.  Extract all tar files.  eg.  tar -xvzf g4track_lib_dist-x.x.x.tar.gz
3.  Nothing more to do with /g4devcfg.  There should be an executable in this directory called G4DevCfg.  This directory in NOT open source.
4.  For the other directories, read the README file for build instructions.  Most are just the usual  "./configure && make", then "sudo make install".
5.  Build and install the g4track_lib_dist first as the others depend on the libraries installed here.
6.  Build and install the remaining directories.


